git repository VS. directory > 

	gr's have a hidden file ".git" that stores the metadata of the repository, like commits, changes, etc.


What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you "git init" a repository, 
	the ".git" hidden metadata file is created for the cwd
	this files tracks changes, commits, dates among other things for the cwd and its subdirectories
	by initializing a repository, you turn it into a git repository which is capable of version-control

new git commands >

	git init - to initialize a empty repository into git 
	git add - to add files to the staging area before a commit
	git status - to check the status of the current git repository 
	staging area - the pre-bundling of files before commiting the first commit to a repository 
			this allows you to commit selective/logically combined files in seperate batches with their own discriptions from 
			the get go
	working directory - is the the current directory, differs from the empty git repository 
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
the staging area is a pre-emptive step to commiting to the repository, it allows one to selective pick which files to batch
	and commit together as a logical commit rather than commiting all files at once
	this also allow you to provide the discription with each commit from the get go, to avoid any confusion in the future
	the working 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	you can then use get status to see the added files in the staging area, and 
	further use git diff -staged to find the difference between the staged file and the repositry file 
	before making a final commit
	

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	mainly during a point in time while working on the master branch, you realize you may want to try getting something done differently 
	further to maybe work on functions seperately and then eventually merge the branches to the master 


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?


terms learnt >
	branching
	mergeing
	master
	parent

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?


